if there's one thing for certain it's
that humans never learn their lesson I'm
going to show you why today what we are
seeing is in fact a repeat of history
but it's going to be magnified manyfold
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you you remember all the
offshoring of jobs I'm about to show you
why it's actually going to be much worse
than what we've seen over the last 10 20
30 years there's a lot going on now
today and of course we're seeing these
new developments more and more people
are strained they're stressed they do
not have the resources they did before
and you look at what are the options you
know it you know it in your heart you
see it with your very eyes they are
going to inflate our currencies into
nothing into nothing now I talk about
this all the time and I warn the people
closest to me to get ready to understand
what actually happening and then do your
best to prepare we can only do so much
but in this video I'm going to talk
about what's been going on and then of
course you can seek all the resources
that I have for free on my channel and
on my website so that you can be much
better off at least compared to the
majority okay let's get into it here
first things
first uh you know when we're looking at
inflation you got to understand there's
different levels of inflation right it's
not just the number that that they give
us on the on the news but here's one
example price inflation at every fast
food restaurant in the US has far
exceeded the CPI inflation since 2014
prices at McDonald's have doubled since
2014 while official inflation data shows
just 31% inflation it goes on to you
know discuss that so you could see
actual inflation 31% and look up the
list whichever you know restaurant you
want to look at now obviously you could
say hey just don't eat at McDonald's
don't eat at fast food it's not good and
so on that's fine but it shows us what's
happening this is just one small piece
of the total inflationary puzzle what
about this investors bet on further rise
in US gasoline prices if you take a
measurement between oil prices and
gasoline prices uh I don't know if
you've noticed this but we can see that
over time time the spread
grows it's not exactly precise but let's
be honest we are here at what is not
quite but for you know just recently the
price was of oil was half of what it was
at its absolute Peak and yet gasoline
prices are absurd they are absurd today
whether you're in Canada or whether
you're in certain parts of the US hey if
you're in Texas different story but the
the prices have still gone up if you're
in Europe my goodness I feel bad for you
now you could see that this is just
another aspect well here we go here we
go with the US inflation video discs and
other media I didn't know that these
were still being sold but okay
apparently video discs I guess they're
talking about Blu-ray and DVD uh plus
30% all right this is March 2024 people
okay
veterinarian services Legal Services
outpatient hospital Services all of
these
things you can see the services that
have added up here and people are
heavily burdened okay so you see what
I'm going with this it's like all these
different things it's not just oh I'm
going to point my finger over there and
that's the cause that's the that's the
they're the ones that keep raising the
prices it's everywhere one of those
other ones that huge one have you felt
this your vehicle
insurance this is plus
22% this a year-over-year uh price
increase by the way just to be clear
this is absurd it's absurd because we're
being told inflation is like 3% what
like what is that 3% I don't see any
anywhere now of course we have
cars and it's just saying that about 80%
of new car buyers take out a loan all
right that's pretty typical right uh
just like you would with your house you
could take it a loan for your car maybe
you lease it maybe you finance it but
regardless we're talking about this
folks with pristine credit might get a
5.5% rate on a new car buyers with an
average credit score can expect to pay
more like 99.7% for a pre-owned
vehicle can you believe this and so
that's what's going on here people are
burdened by the debt people are burdened
by the Deb but it's not just the people
hang in there I'm going to show you
something and where does it all end up
oh we'll get
there true scale of us retail bloodbath
revealed how a
5,500 shops have closed in just one year
and even big names like Walmart and Bed
Bath and Beyond and Nike have suffered
so we're seeing this 5,500 stores have
closed we've seen more okay there's been
instances where that has been more and
this is a trend that will continue more
and more retail establishments should
never have been probably set up but the
more will close down okay so that shows
us what's going on with the consumer so
now we're getting some evidence about
the consumer one example Nike plans to
lay off 740 employees that's fine but
look I want to be clear they've been
hiring like a considerable amount over
the last several years so when you're
laying off a few hundred or even a few
thousand it's it's terrible for those
people but just you got to give it you
know looking at the context to explain
that all right so I just want to show
you that that's the number of employees
for Nike 83,000 all
right we have the Hales and the Have
Nots I wanted to just switch the pages
to show you this luxury real estate
prices have just hit an alltime record
so some people are doing great there's
no question about
that and you could see it when you look
at the de to ggp ratio of advanced
economies 2000 versus
2024 this is the comparison showing us
what has happened over the past my
goodness quarter Century all
right so of course Japan on the top of
the list there but even countries strong
countries like Singapore have gone
berserk the US where's everyone's
favorite Canada you could see over
100% in their debt to GDP ratio so
understand that the debt is burdening
people but it's also burdening the
government and that's where things get
funky you see how will we be able to get
out of a mess of too much debt because
you're not going to actually be able to
pay that off right we know that they
don't they don't pay debt off it doesn't
work like that and you could have better
leaders that come in and make better
decisions but the trajectory is there
you can't walk away from maybe you you
get a period of time where things are
you know better the the burden uh is uh
let's say lessened for a while but you
know what happens the trend is set and
so what happens
here the only and likely end result is
that they devalue the currency and when
they do this they punish you even
further you see we're going to hand you
$2,000 a month we're going to make sure
that everything is a okay but of course
that only fuels the fire and then it's
2500 and then it's 3,000 and then they
do this simp
by monetizing the
debt and when they do that it is a very
very uh dangerous precedent they set
because you can't walk that
back and where does that leave
us let me show you two things one being
this when these is using fresh AI their
AI to automate the drive-thru ordering
while to see and you can look at it for
yourself I thought it was did a decent
job cuz you can see what it's trying to
say and then I'm probably there's
somebody listening there and if
something screws up then they can
override it or whatever uh it was slow I
think it was a little bit slow but in
the end they'll get it right because
look it's a list of items that you have
there you can customize that just like
you would with a human I mean they're
just taking your order you're punching
it downto a screen what's the difference
what is really the difference so they're
going to do that AI Robotics and
automation are taking over but it's not
all bad okay I wanted to show you this
one her AI cane okay so uh Google's AI
predicts rare extreme weather events a
week in advance and could save people
from hazardous catastrophes I think this
is the one where they said it actually
was successful at predicting one so it's
not just like theoretical this is good
this is a good use of artificial
intelligence assuming that we're using
other things as well the traditional
ways put everything together you know
when we get a group together we can
think better we can do more we can
achieve more right okay that's that's a
good example but what happened here
years ago with the giant sucking sound
Ross pero talked about that the jobs got
shipped
offshore now the jobs will never come
back many of them will simply be
evaporated because of automation so
instead of necessarily you know the guy
turning the knob they'll figure out a
way to automate the process where that
knob doesn't need to be turned at
all that's the difference between what
we had previous okay we're going from
the horse and buggy and now we're going
to the car the steam engine now we're
you know that that's different
now what we're doing is we're actually
streamlining different processes and
we're eliminating the need to conduct
certain types of
activities you see that's the difference
people say that oh that no because now
you're just going to have a job in AI
that that isn't the case first of all AI
today is not even AI but perhaps we will
get there I think the computing power
probably needs to go uh more and more
but
what I'm trying to say here is that they
are going into a time in which you you
won't have this ability to become that
next thing unless you choose the very
few things that are not going to be
outsourced and can't be or at least it's
more difficult to do this but one by one
even the high paying positions they're
already targeting it targeting it and
ultimately uh they are figuring out a
way that's probably better in the end
what about lawyers
really they know imagine a lawyer that
knows everything has studied every case
not just even in your own country but
all across the world every single case
ever and now you're able to pull data
from that and say hey this obscure thing
that happened back then and oh this law
that was put into place a hundred years
ago I'm going to use that and now that's
my case no lawyer can compete with that
you see these are just I'm just you know
trying to suggest what's going on look
if you want some information uh if you
want to be able
to mitigate some of this I've got free
information on my website the money
gps.com I've got my playlists how to and
solutions I've got another playlist
called how to make
money I've got all kinds of information
I've got my of course my uh Finance
Friday crew I've got my Sunday business
crew I'm telling people how to do the
best that they possibly can whatever you
do just don't sit still I'm trying to
bring the latest and greatest
information to you if you appreciate
that hit that Thumbs Up Button you see
all these other guys out there they talk
a lot of nonsense what I'm trying to
bring to you here is the truth that's it
always the truth because the truth will
prevail I'll see you tomorrow take care